Now you believe me, right?
You can do it, you are awesome
Then listen to you
Your fortune-telling as the bloodline of the live stream
Don't give me any shit then.
Of course!
You are my creditor
I promise to serve you wholeheartedly.
Good to know
Okay, then just match the mood I said
Forget it.
Good morning, everybody.
Today, I have a surprise for everyone
This is Feng Shui master Ye Xian
Hello.
I specially invited him to the live stream.
Answer questions for your family
fortune telling
Family members go up and give small gifts carefully
All for me
Mr. Night Walk, thank you
Well, I see that many family and friends have doubts.
Then why don't we make a live video connection?
Let everyone verify and experience it.
So does anyone want to be the first to try it?
Song Qingcheng
You are very capable, President